Add chat permission and give deletion rights to service team (#1671)
digitalfabrik/integreat-cms: CHANGELOG.md

* [ [#1664](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1664) ] Fix media library and content edit lock in sbs view
* [ [#1660](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1660) ] Fix moving pages to the root level from the page form

> * [ [#1583](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1583) ] Add chat permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ [#1583](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1583) ] Only enable the chat for staff and management roles
```

> * [ [#1647](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1647) ] Give service team delete permissions for regions and pns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ [#1647](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1647) ] Give service team delete permissions for regions and push notifications
```
